{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 3\tab RT @HypeHagrah: @Djib_BooskaSOS le langage de la cocaine ahahahahahah\par
3\tab @Djib_BooskaSOS le langage de la cocaine ahahahahahah\par
3\tab One wish, to be a daddy's girl #Cocaine xo\par
3\tab BUY ART NOT COCAINE; WRITTEN IN COCAINE #Aesthetics {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/RL4PZGsL"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/RL4PZGsL}}}\f0\fs22\par
2\tab If that's what you want then go for it . But remember don't leave the good for the evil #Cocaine xo\par
3\tab @Cocaine_coco that shits crazy\par
3\tab Cocaine Epi Crack La\par
3\tab Kunel Gaur presents his first film: This is Cocaine - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/3hswPhQj"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/3hswPhQj}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab Facebook and Twitter addiction causes the same changes in the brain, that are seen in cocaine users. hell o hail\par
3\tab RT @DannyVHH: New Music: @Tyga ft (Honey Cocaine) @SochittaSal - King Company | {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/8UmYEEHS"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/8UmYEEHS}}}\f0\fs22  &lt;---LISTEN &amp; DOWNLOAD HERE\par
3\tab @Cocaine_coco MORNING!! Why the hell are you up?\par
3\tab Dominican, US law enforcers seize ton of cocaine, arrest 3 ...: Dominican anti-drug agency director Rolando Rosa... {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/CSAkasZA"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/CSAkasZA}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab Quote of the morning: \\u201cThe computer is electronic cocaine for many people,\\u201d {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/9TJWS31Z"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/9TJWS31Z}}}\f0\fs22  @pacificstand\par
3\tab Mexican Drug Lord, 5.5 ton cocaine bust and disinformation abt Hollywood decapitation {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/wWMRd97t"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/wWMRd97t}}}\f0\fs22  via @danielhopsicker #Conspiracy\par
2\tab Having the "coke boy" makes you cocaine dealer or user?\par
2\tab @asherroth heroin &amp; cocaine are legal bro\par
2\tab Damn i wonder what that convo was gunna be about ... I'll just find out later .\par
3\tab Honey Cocaine , Weed , Episode of boondocks . Is like fucking heaven to me .\par
3\tab @thiCk_CoCaine smh all bad , now your hrs fucked up haha , btw I really miss you lil ugly..\par
3\tab RT @_PictureMiRhyme: If you can't hear the pussy,  it ain't wet enough.\par
3\tab @thiCk_CoCaine: .gotta be up for work in 2 hours!!! FML -__-damn goo to bed lol..\par
3\tab\\u201c@AntiCapJokes: Who is happier a billionaire or a celebrity? "None, they're both cocaine-addicted miserable fucks."\\u201d shitty coke?\par
3\tab RT @ONUAfrique: Pr\\u00e8s de la moiti\\u00e9 de la coca\\u00efne transitant par l'Afrique de l'Ouest et centrale y reste, pr\\u00e9vient Ban. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/JOKUHCyu"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/JOKUHCyu}}}\f0\fs22  via @UNODC\par
3\tab RT @playboyjay_: RT if u wide awake!\par
3\tab RT @MeLlamo_Lupe: I wanna hear ur voice -_-\par
3\tab RT @WSJ: Anti-drug agencies fear cocaine could soon be grown in Africa, Asia, not just in Latin America {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/vGSTP3tt"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/vGSTP3tt}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab King Company - Tyga &amp; Honey Cocaine \\ud83c\\udfa7\\ud83c\\udfa7 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/FfBRBAKi"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/FfBRBAKi}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab RT @sourdee147: Cocaine for breakfast yikes\par
3\tab RT @TheFlyLifee: Honey Cocaine is mad cute. I love tinychat now lol\par
3\tab Honey Cocaine is mad cute. I love tinychat now lol\par
3\tab @AcceptMeForMe: on tinychat with honey cocaine AGAIN lucky ..\par
3\tab @SochittaSal honey cocaine \\ud83d\\ude18\\u2764\par
3\tab RT @_BallinMarco: #InMiddleSchool\par
3\tab Color pants were the shit.\par
3\tab King Company - Tyga &amp; Honey Cocaine\par
3\tab RT @Shanikaaa_: Zun da da and fantasma \\ud83d\\udc4d\par
3\tab Can someone shoot Honey Cocaine again, but like shoot her in a major artery so she dies instantly, orrrr?\par
3\tab RT @georgexo_: Zayn can fuck me all night long with his Arabian cock.\par
3\tab RT @weIove1D: zayn tonight performing! and looking beyond fit via @1DCentral_  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/W7et9Ytx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/W7et9Ytx}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab RT @ladygagaaID: Love doesn't cost money, it costs ; trust, honesty, loyalty &amp; respect.\par
3\tab We go together like cocaine &amp; waffles\par
2\tab Crack Cocaine. LMFAOOOOOOO\par
3\tab Bath salts might be the most interesting pandemic since the advent of crack-cocaine. A lot of revenue to be made for hustlers (,-_-,)\par
2\tab RT @NOIRFANCY: I want to do cocaine and fuck a sweaty yoga bitch. A white one. #CKS\par
3\tab @xSugar_Cocaine o im boutra follow u im new ta that :-)\par
3\tab &amp; didddd! i cut it na tho  RT @COCAINE_TWiT: #InElementarySchool @_teeairruh had the longest fucking hair tho.\par
3\tab Cocaine for breakfast... YIKES!\par
3\tab RT @NessaOhBehave: The awkward moment when you\\u2019re eating dinner at someone else\\u2019s house and you don\\u2019t like the food, but you have to pretend to like it.\par
3\tab @xSugar_Cocaine u have instagram? in other words lol,  yea wut u thinking of...?\par
3\tab RT @RoyalsOfficialT: @xSugar_Cocaine i think u should! deff get another 1 u got IG?\par
3\tab I get so tickled when nicki m. says" big fat nigga all that huffin' &amp; puffin" right after ross part\par
3\tab RT @CodeineHangover: Mixed my ass, you blacker than akon -.-\par
3\tab @xSugar_Cocaine i think u should! deff get another 1 u got IG?\par
3\tab RT @FatalAffections: #InHighSchool You Have To Worry About Trying To Find Yourself , Knowing Who To Trust , Maintaining Relationships , &amp; Being Accepted ..\par
3\tab @Pinnk_Cocaine -___-\par
3\tab @xSugar_Cocaine its a daily thing ova here lol u tatted?\par
3\tab S/o to nawf memphis mane \\u263a\par
3\tab @xSugar_Cocaine all day\par
3\tab i can't deal w/his monotone singing axx\par
3\tab whenever i hear drake i immediately press the \\ud83d\\udc4e button\par
3\tab @_CONFiDENT_PYT .you sure as hell need to b/c we be clowning too hard when we all together!\par
3\tab @_CONFiDENT_PYT .\\ud83d\\ude02\\ud83d\\ude02\\ud83d\\ude02 okay nawf memphis all day!\par
3\tab RT @M0NeYMaKeR_SUZy: Smh! ppl throwing this "LOVE" word around nd dont even know what it means.#chuucchh *future voice*\par
3\tab @_CONFiDENT_PYT .i miss youuuuuu shayy!\par
3\tab Honey Cocaine - Who Shot Me &gt;&gt;&gt; I'm Starting To Like Her Music lol\par
2\tab to many dope i think they cocaine sniffn it,they higher then high school on that rap shit kickn it\par
1\tab I'm looking for strippers n cocaine\par
3\tab Buy art. Not cocaine.\par
3\tab @JUST_RayyONEx --now rayy you know you my ride or die drinking partner i wasn't leaving you out!\par
3\tab RT @HoneysUnique: He do me wrong, but fuck me right.\par
3\tab @CanIDrivYoPORSH .what's what??\par
3\tab @_FAR4rm_PERFECT .no i wasn't on the phone i had to go handle some biz bxtch \\ud83d\\ude0f\par
3\tab RT @5th_AVERICH: #InMiddleSchool I USE TO GIVE A FUCK\par
3\tab RT @ONUAfrique: Pr\\u00e8s de la moiti\\u00e9 de la coca\\u00efne transitant par l'Afrique de l'Ouest et centrale y reste, pr\\u00e9vient Ban. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/JOKUHCyu"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/JOKUHCyu}}}\f0\fs22  via @UNODC\par
3\tab COOL RUNNING DJS PRORITY Cocaine Cowgirl - @MROUTSIDEPUSSY feat. @2Chainz (1).mp3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/nSMDcwb9"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/nSMDcwb9}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab COOL RUNNING DJS PRORITY Cocaine Cowgirl - @MROUTSIDEPUSSY feat. @2Chainz (1).mp3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/7Ib7KyUG"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/7Ib7KyUG}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab COOL RUNNING DJS PRORITY Cocaine Cowgirl - @MROUTSIDEPUSSY feat. @2Chainz (1).mp3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/ILjUOLOE"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/ILjUOLOE}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab @_FAR4rm_PERFECT .kml bxtch i told you i was making a hoe call \\ud83d\\ude33\par
3\tab @j_cocaine ... deadass ?\par
3\tab omgeee people be doing the most on the social net \\ud83d\\ude33\\ud83d\\ude02\\ud83d\\ude02\\ud83d\\ude2d\par
3\tab\\ud83d\\ude4c for screenshot i absolutely \\u2764 this feature on my phone \\ud83d\\ude02\par
3\tab RT @STAYYlovesYou: I just included myself all in EM &amp;amp; JAS plans! Oh well... we all love to get fxcked up! :)&lt;-----truuuue\par
3\tab RT @damnitstrue: #InMiddleSchool I can solve this: 2+2= Fish, 3+3= Eight, 7+7= Triangle, 4+4 = Arrow, 8+8 = Butterfly. Retweet if you get it!\par
3\tab RT @ImTracyMorgan: If a girl says "Don't worry about it," nigga you BETTER worry about it.\par
3\tab @STAYYlovesYou @WatchHIM_NotEM .bet!\par
3\tab @STAYYlovesYou .lol i'ma be a thug and do it\par
3\tab Mosquitos love cocaine.\par
3\tab @whitneybrianna .haa that she is\par
3\tab @STAYYlovesYou .lmfao that's what i need\par
3\tab @WatchHIM_NotEM .k girly!\par
3\tab @whitneybrianna .it is b/c she slick ghetto you see the way she say "marrrry meee"\par
3\tab @WatchHIM_NotEM .yess that's it.\par
3\tab that song is poo \\ud83d\\ude12RT @whitneybrianna: Put it on em make him wanna marry me \\ue40e\\ue419\par
3\tab @WatchHIM_NotEM .well i get off at nine.do you still have my number??\par
1\tab Cocaine, champagne, prostitutes in the Ritz Carlton w/ Mr Krumples @AristotleGold\par
3\tab @WatchHIM_NotEM .what about friday??\par
2\tab Lmao in bankok they insert drugs an cocaine an shxt threw your feet&lt;&lt;&lt; shxtcray!!\par
2\tab When does that Cocaine Riot 2 drop? anyone know?\par
2\tab RT @SheLovin_MyCrew: I'm guessing that thunder woke everyone up! ?\par
3\tab Cocaine for breakfast "@jerzm0stenvied: So tired \\ud83d\\ude1e\\ud83d\\udca4"\par
3\tab RT @unhealthytruth: Neurons that control overeating &amp;amp; hunger also drive appetite for cocaine, says Yale researchers {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/GM9c4fs8"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/GM9c4fs8}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab Going Back To Sleep Until I Get That Call . Be Back Later :)\par
3\tab Neurons That Control Overeating Also Drive Appetite For Cocaine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/VsrLSdqq"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/VsrLSdqq}}}\f0\fs22  #AlcoholAddictionIllegalDrugs\par
3\tab Can I Get Some " Good Morning " Mentions Thoo ?\par
3\tab #OOMF Sounding Crazy Af Early In The Morning .\par
2\tab I sell cocaine and cocaine accessories {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/DEH0olPA"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/DEH0olPA}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab @WesleyRep_12st STFU , Fuck Ass -__-\par
3\tab @WesleyRep_12st  Nigga Wtf You Doing Up ?\par
3\tab Yes I'm Fat . So What . Fuck You . Lol\par
3\tab Only Thing Good About Living Close To The Mall Is I Have Waaay More Choices Of FOOD Then Anybody Else.\par
3\tab We're not close anymore but I'll still be here, I promise.\par
3\tab Mornings Are So Boring ....\par
3\tab Lmao , I'm Not Even Fucking w. It . I'm Not Tryna Hear It 7:51 In The Morning .\par
3\tab Is It Too Early To Be Calling People Phones ?\par
3\tab Pool ? Gun Range ? Movies At The House ? Who Knows .....\par
3\tab Plans For Today ? Hmm .... What To Do ? What To Do ?\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab RT @JennyferTekaa: @Wildy_Cocaine  bonjour\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab #FavoriteMovieQuotes " You Can Take Dasheki Out The Hood , But You Can't Take The Hood Out Dasheki "\par
3\tab Good Morning Everyone :D\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab RT @SKYENICOLAS: Peru's Cocaine Production In Spotlight As Country Hosts Global Drug Conference {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/yB2oJcb5"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/yB2oJcb5}}}\f0\fs22  #DRUGS\par
3\tab Peru's Cocaine Production In Spotlight As Country Hosts Global Drug Conference {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/yB2oJcb5"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/yB2oJcb5}}}\f0\fs22  #DRUGS\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab @Wildy_Cocaine  bonjour\par
3\tab @Remelous Just record your music and once everyone loves it, you'll be motivated to make more and then you'll be doing cocaine with Prince.\par
3\tab Going To Sleep . #BYE\par
3\tab RT @ZodiacPosts: #Leo's don't let people get to close to them really easily, might take some time.\par
3\tab RT @georgexo_: My TL is dead .\par
3\tab Neurons That Control Overeating Also Drive Appetite For Cocaine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/g91DPy8j"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/g91DPy8j}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab For Somebody Who's " Trying " To Let Me Go , You Sure Have A Crazy Ass Way Of Showing It .\par
3\tab #U God #Cocaine  #Raekwon &amp; #Slaine  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/KZCyMWG5"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/KZCyMWG5}}}\f0\fs22  #hiphop\par
3\tab Bali Britons to stay in custody: Four Britons suspected of smuggling cocaine worth \\u00a31.6m onto the Indon... {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/7sUknYTu"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/7sUknYTu}}}\f0\fs22  #BBC #UK\par
3\tab Railey &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Huey\par
1\tab same RT @BradySpears I love cocaine\par
3\tab Ok Lemme Go Cook Now\par
3\tab I Love That Part :D\par
3\tab Flocka: Kelly You Think Ur A Hard Rapper ?\par
3\tab MGK: Hell Yea . You Think Ur A Good Rapper ?\par
3\tab Flocka : Fuck NO !\par
3\tab But My Ass STARVING Right About Now So I'll Be Back In A Few .\par
3\tab Deadass Don't Feel Like Cooking Though .\par
3\tab My Brother Ate My Dinner So Now I Have To Go H.A.M In The Kitchen .\par
3\tab RT @georgexo_: biiiiiiitch, GTFO . Just cause yo pussy dry. RT @BriiTheQueen_Xo: Quit talking shit bout @OfficialBaeza \\u2764\par
3\tab RT @georgexo_: I'm gonna name my dog Baeza , cause he's a little bitch as well ! \\ud83d\\ude02 @OfficialBaeza\par
3\tab Fe Raw Brenda Song &amp; Honey Cocaine Are The Other 5%\par
3\tab No But For Real , I'm Tired Of Hearing Jeezy EVERYTIME I Get In The Car .\par
3\tab Burning CDS . &lt;-- You Know I'm That Damn Bored .\par
3\tab Currently Waiting To Find Out ........\par
3\tab Wish I Knew What Was Going To Happen Next Between Us .\par
3\tab The best way to get someone\\u2019s attention is to no longer want it .\par
3\tab My TL Right Now &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;\par
3\tab The Thoughts In My Head Right Now &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; :D\par
2\tab Sniff a fucking unemployment line of cocaine!\par
3\tab Damn I Should Have Taken A Picture ... I Was Looking Cute Today .\par
3\tab @Cookie_Cocaine lol i gotta keep it real , im jst lettin it be known so wen i see her she already know wats coming lbs\par
3\tab RT @trueethoughts: When my bra comes off I feel free \\ud83d\\ude4c\par
3\tab Like Deadass Tho, I Don't Wanna Hear Any Excuses .\par
3\tab @Cookie_Cocaine l0l how ?\par
3\tab I Wanna Go To The Gun Range Tomorrow .\par
3\tab @DominicannLenee Murder and Cocaine\par
3\tab Vibing to this honey cocaine who shot ya shit type smooth just hate that she sounds just like tyga\par
3\tab @_Cocaine_Candii lol haha cool\par
3\tab RT @_MyRiahNachelle: @Red__Cocaine thanks mama :)\par
3\tab @_Cocaine_Candii ooo ur 5'5 ur like an average type of small tall lady then lol\par
3\tab Honey Cocaine-Who Shot Me &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I can't wait for #90sGold !!!!!! @SochittaSal will be better then Nicki trust me !!!!\par
3\tab @Red__Cocaine thanks mama :)\par
3\tab @_Cocaine_Candii no problem tall lady\par
2\tab Cocaine and Caviar\par
3\tab @_Cocaine_Candii yes candii\par
3\tab RT @BeyonceKnowIess: There will always be that one true friend that will be by your side no matter what. \\u2665\par
3\tab Cocaine 80's- Like a Fool (birdsong)\par
2\tab @paapi_ashx3 nigga i saw cocaine cowboys, watch that shit it'll make you change your name lmaoo.\par
3\tab RT @Cocaine_Dreams: Iont know why I be putting my trust into these lyin ass bitches\par
3\tab RT @xoxo_Cocaine_: it aint april fools but ya got me baby !\par
3\tab RT @SpaceeJamm: my @argeniFS Boutta pipe brownie girl LMFAOO\par
3\tab RT @_MyRiahNachelle: @Red__Cocaine I miss you more baybeee ;)\par
3\tab @Red__Cocaine I miss you more baybeee ;)\par
1\tab Too much strippers &amp; cocaine. @JosephRendina {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/05NrpHGq"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/05NrpHGq}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab something about movies about cocaine excites me idk. even documentaries\par
3\tab RT @swaggsosmooth: Woow, I know I might sound late but Soulja Boy is on crack cocaine. Can't fucks with no more . Only rapper I fucks with on cocaine is Lil B!\par
3\tab RT @swaggsosmooth: Woow, I know I might sound late but Soulja Boy is on crack cocaine. Can't fucks with no more . Only rapper I fucks with on cocaine is Lil B!\par
3\tab RT @swaggsosmooth: Woow, I know I might sound late but Soulja Boy is on crack cocaine. Can't fucks with no more . Only rapper I fucks with on cocaine is Lil B!\par
3\tab Woow, I know I might sound late but Soulja Boy is on crack cocaine. Can't fucks with no more . Only rapper I fucks with on cocaine is Lil B!\par
3\tab @Cocaine_beauty \\ud83d\\ude02\\ud83d\\ude02\\ud83d\\ude02\\ud83d\\ude02\par
3\tab The \\ud83d\\udca6 is real ma RT @Cocaine_beauty: Lawd RT @ms_sleumas: I won't address this \\ud83d\\ude37\\ud83d\\ude37\\ud83d\\ude37\\ud83d\\ude37\par
2\tab I cuddled with my lover because snorted cocaine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/aZ3MH7jy"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/aZ3MH7jy}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab @Cocaine_Bliss I don't got yo number tho\par
3\tab @WesleyRep_12st Wait I'm On The Phone .\par
3\tab @WesleyRep_12st Chilllllll ! I Told You To Call Me .\par
3\tab The cocaine cowboys built miami to what it is today\par
3\tab @nxthompson But they were on everything else: amphetamines, "dynamite" (cocaine/chloroform admixture), even "cattle feed porridge."\par
3\tab RT @Jon_swaggy_Jay: Honey cocaine is my wife\par
3\tab Honey cocaine is my wife\par
3\tab Tyga - Heisman Part 2 (Ft. Honey Cocaine) [OFFICIAL VIDEO]: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/bhqdoSI6"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/bhqdoSI6}}}\f0\fs22  via @youtube\par
2\tab Count me in for the strippers only #just2bclear RT @huny: @TheXDExperience let's go blow it on cocaine and skrippuhs\par
1\tab im gonna have to resort to cocaine after watching this mv\par
2\tab @nxthompson less 'roids, more speed, cocaine, booze. Vive Le Tour!\par
2\tab @TheXDExperience let's go blow it on cocaine and skrippuhs\par
3\tab RT @_my_key: Honey Cocaine #LK &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;\par
3\tab Honey Cocaine #LK &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;\par
2\tab @jepsychotic yu don't have cocaine lol\par
3\tab RT @clitorisNkush: I love me some Honey Cocaine \\u2665\par
3\tab I love me some Honey Cocaine \\u2665\par
1\tab @jepsychotic you have cocaine?!\par
2\tab @ATLFreakx3 LOOLOL cocaine c:\par
3\tab RT @JaiLaFlemme: Dans 3 ans ces petits cons comprendront que le brevet c'\\u00e9tait de la merde ! #Brevet\par
3\tab RT @IndieBombDotCom: Why pass the right 1 up for these hoes?\par
3\tab Best quote EVER "We snort up research like Columbian cocaine" @BravoAndy @DeutschInc #dcl\par
3\tab EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: Monifah Opens Up About Heavy D, 7 Year Cocaine Addiction And New Reality Show 'R&amp;B Divas'!!!... {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/aVhCF1bX"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/aVhCF1bX}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab RT @MrBateman: I'm taking the Ferrari to Montauk for the weekend. I'm bringing two Thom Browne suits, cocaine, Veuve Clicquot, and a porn star.\par
3\tab Cocaine bathsalts face eating guy was only high on pot. There are potheads everywhere...   Greeeeeaaat.\par
1\tab This cocaine makes me feel like I'm on this song!\par
3\tab\\ud83d\\ude02 RT @bryan_moroney I wonder how many times Tyga and Honey Cocaine have fucked\par
3\tab RT @Pink_xo_Cocaine Only guilty people answer to subliminal messages - !!!\par
2\tab Crack cocaine RT @PussyGod_Scotty: RT if you do cocaine only on Thursday\par
3\tab Since 16 I ain't grow a day old but my brain grow cocaine white range rove\par
3\tab @Paper_cocaine follow me\par
3\tab RT @LCStroh: We snort up market research like fine Colombian cocaine - @BravoAndy\par
3\tab Cocaine for breakfast\par
3\tab RT @LCStroh: We snort up market research like fine Colombian cocaine - @BravoAndy\par
3\tab @M0okCirCusFaya C'est bizarre parce qu'au d\\u00e9but de l'affaire, les Inrocks disaient que \\u00e7a serait plus une drogue m\\u00e9langeant cocaine et LSD.\par
3\tab RT @DamierDoobs: I smoked away my brain I think I'm going dumb. Cocaine up on my gums I think they going numb.\par
3\tab Tyga Ft Honey Cocaine \\u2013 King Company {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/yNddzvob"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/yNddzvob}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab High-larious! "We snort up [audience] research like fine Colombian cocaine." @BravoAndy @DeutschInc #DCL\par
3\tab we snort up research like fine Columbian cocaine @andycohen, @deutschinc\par
3\tab #dcl. Thanks for coming Andy!\par
3\tab We snort up research like fine Colombian cocaine. - @bravoandy #DeutschCommonsLive\par
3\tab We snort up market research like fine Colombian cocaine - @BravoAndy\par
3\tab RT @Jus_A_Scorpio: I hate the smell of Cigarettes &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;\par
3\tab RT @DamierDoobs: I smoked away my brain I think I'm going dumb. Cocaine up on my gums I think they going numb.\par
2\tab I smoked away my brain I think I'm going dumb. Cocaine up on my gums I think they going numb.\par
2\tab\\u201c@GoodYOLOTweets: Giving your dad a cocaine powdered donut... #YOLO\\u201d YES!!!! Hahahahhaaa\par
3\tab Tyga Ft. Honey Cocaine \\u201cKing Company\\u201d {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/LGPuoneN"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/LGPuoneN}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab BREAKING: Tyga Ft. Honey Cocaine \\u201cKing Company\\u201d: [ahh_audio src=/6-28-12/TygaftHoneyCocaine-KingCompany.mp3] {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/xQCLNWJe"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/xQCLNWJe}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab Tyga Ft. Honey Cocaine \\u201cKing Company\\u201d {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/3NooVKjr"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/3NooVKjr}}}\f0\fs22\par
2\tab RT @stopbeingfamous: Weed is to heroin and cocaine what lettuce is to a nuclear bomb.\par
3\tab Np: Honey Cocaine-Feel Sh.t\par
3\tab It feel good wakin\\u2019 up to money in the bank, Three model bitches, cocaine on the sink #ASAPROCKY\par
1\tab inhale exhale, cocaine x pills\par
3\tab cocaine crew\par
3\tab RT @jirvin06: #CNNHeadlines Despite Rick James Previous Exclamations, Cocaine is NOT a Helluva Drug\par
3\tab #CNNHeadlines Despite Rick James Previous Exclamations, Cocaine is NOT a Helluva Drug\par
3\tab Global drug conference puts spotlight on Peru's cocaine problem: In October, U.S. Drug Enforcement Administratio... {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/V9pGDD2o"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/V9pGDD2o}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab Old Man Allegedly High On Cocaine Flees Imaginary Croatians, Cops Say {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/rJQwpwWG"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/rJQwpwWG}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab RT @linorulli: I remember saying that on yesterdays show! I'm funny sometimes. RT @BadCatD "We're the crack-cocaine of Catholic radio - @linorulli.\par
3\tab I remember saying that on yesterdays show! I'm funny sometimes. RT @BadCatD "We're the crack-cocaine of Catholic radio - @linorulli.\par
3\tab RT @tempelmeyer: Siri is on cocaine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/ORzU2ySP"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/ORzU2ySP}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab RT @SignedDread: @ForevaYunqq_Rae my song !!!!! Honey cocaine bihh\par
3\tab @ForevaYunqq_Rae my song !!!!! Honey cocaine bihh\par
3\tab @MeatheadMilitia Depends who you ask, could be 72 virgins, a bank full of cash, a horse, a family, a line of cocaine, etc, etc...\par
3\tab #nowplaying I just played King Company (feat. Honey Cocaine) by Tyga\par
3\tab RT @kicksonfire: Barack is somewhere popping a bottle right now.\par
3\tab RT @TravLeBlanc: Cocaine never made a man wiser except in hindsight.\par
3\tab This New Tyga Ft Honey Cocaine tho &gt;&gt; "F the world I came and Gave her a Baby"\par
3\tab EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: Monifah Opens Up About Heavy D, 7 Year Cocaine Addiction And New Reality Show 'R&amp;B Divas'!!!... {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/la5PJYWw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/la5PJYWw}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab #np Tyga ft. Honey Cocaine - King Company &gt;&gt;&gt;\par
3\tab Make-up Sex has the same effect as cocaine. Really?? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/SGnbfX0v"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/SGnbfX0v}}}\f0\fs22  #realcougar\par
3\tab RT @_SheSINnAllBlac: @Cocaine_DuBaby thank you\par
3\tab @Cocaine_DuBaby thank you\par
3\tab RT @TravLeBlanc: Cocaine never made a man wiser except in hindsight.\par
3\tab RT @_SheSINnAllBlac: Woman are wayyyy trifling then men to me\par
3\tab RT @TravLeBlanc: Cocaine never made a man wiser except in hindsight.\par
3\tab RT @TravLeBlanc: Cocaine never made a man wiser except in hindsight.\par
3\tab Cocaine never made a man wiser except in hindsight.\par
3\tab Appetite for food, cocaine linked to same spot in #brains of mice {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/Z9ulMIBl"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/Z9ulMIBl}}}\f0\fs22\par
2\tab i don't think they know gas is slang for "cocaine"\par
3\tab Moving this weekend. Today: painting the new place. Color: pure cocaine white. Video later.\par
3\tab\\u201c@Fo_Chainzzzz: , my 16.5k tweet goes to @_Uniqueeeeee, @Yassy_Cocaine, @Pretty_Niyah32, @Scream_Yelle, @_EarnMYlove, follow em ..\\u201d\par
3\tab with every beat of his cocaine heart\par
3\tab RT @__chewmytweets: Pregnancy used to be a beautiful thing ... now it's just like .. oh, she's pregnant too\par
3\tab Read my response to "Do you think sniffing orange cocaine will protect you from ghosts?": {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/mmckJnlC"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/mmckJnlC}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab\\u201c@GeneralHPR: Cocaine white car to crown the success\\u201d\par
3\tab Im red leather, this cocaine, im Rick James hoe\par
2\tab i remember one time i was doing cocaine with willy nelsons horse.\par
2\tab Thought I'd be mesmerized by ur cocaine bricks\par
3\tab 200,000 drug abuse deaths a year? Doesn't count shootings, strokes, heart attacks etc related to drug use of cocaine alone\par
3\tab 200,000 drug abuse deaths a year? Doesn't count shootings, strokes, heart attacks etc related to drug use of cocaine alone\par
3\tab Fresh out  . Getting ready for my interview :)\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab Meanwhile, my phone auto-completed "cupcakes" to "cocaine." So, I guess none of that today either. Maaaan!\par
3\tab I'd prefer to think the man next to me with claw-like fingernails isn't insane, just planning a July 4th cocaine orgy for him &amp; 9 friends.\par
3\tab Siri is on cocaine {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/ORzU2ySP"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/ORzU2ySP}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab\\u201c@VibeMagazine: New Music: @AsherRoth \\u2013 "Turnip The Beet" -&gt; {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/sI4c8jE1\\\\u201d"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/sI4c8jE1\\u201d}}}\f0\fs22  &lt;&lt;&lt; #nah lolllll\par
3\tab RT @RICKHERTz: Tyga - King Company (Feat. Honey Cocaine) beat remade by Rick Hertz: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/HBecdkz5"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/HBecdkz5}}}\f0\fs22  via @youtube\par
3\tab Tyga - King Company (Feat. Honey Cocaine) beat remade by Rick Hertz: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/HBecdkz5"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/HBecdkz5}}}\f0\fs22  via @youtube\par
3\tab RT @iBumpDRAY_Music: .im really still up!\par
3\tab Good Morning :)\par
3\tab RT @DoobieJohnsonBk: #NP Tsu Surf - Cocaine Paadise\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab RT @theteensbook: Teacher, it's gum, not cocaine, calm down.\par
3\tab RT @HypeHagrah: @Djib_BooskaSOS le langage de la cocaine ahahahahahah\par
3\tab @Djib_BooskaSOS le langage de la cocaine ahahahahahah\par
3\tab One wish, to be a daddy's girl #Cocaine xo\par
3\tab BUY ART NOT COCAINE; WRITTEN IN COCAINE #Aesthetics {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/RL4PZGsL"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/RL4PZGsL}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab If that's what you want then go for it . But remember don't leave the good for the evil #Cocaine xo\par
3\tab @Cocaine_coco that shits crazy\par
3\tab Cocaine Epi Crack La\par
3\tab Kunel Gaur presents his first film: This is Cocaine - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/3hswPhQj"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/3hswPhQj}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab Facebook and Twitter addiction causes\par
3\tab the same changes in the brain, that are\par
3\tab seen in cocaine users. hell o hail\par
3\tab Kunel Gaur presents his first film: This is Cocaine - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/8AaaCuz3"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/8AaaCuz3}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab RT @DannyVHH: New Music: @Tyga ft (Honey Cocaine) @SochittaSal - King Company | {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/8UmYEEHS"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/8UmYEEHS}}}\f0\fs22  &lt;---LISTEN &amp; DOWNLOAD HERE\par
3\tab @Cocaine_coco MORNING!! Why the hell are you up?\par
3\tab Dominican, US law enforcers seize ton of cocaine, arrest 3 ...: Dominican anti-drug agency director Rolando Rosa... {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/CSAkasZA"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/CSAkasZA}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab Quote of the morning: \\u201cThe computer is electronic cocaine for many people,\\u201d {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/9TJWS31Z"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/9TJWS31Z}}}\f0\fs22  @pacificstand\par
3\tab Mexican Drug Lord, 5.5 ton cocaine bust and disinformation abt Hollywood decapitation {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/wWMRd97t"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/wWMRd97t}}}\f0\fs22  via @danielhopsicker #Conspiracy\par
2\tab Having the "coke boy" makes you cocaine dealer or user?\par
3\tab @asherroth heroin &amp; cocaine are legal bro\par
3\tab Damn i wonder what that convo was gunna be about ... I'll just find out later .\par
3\tab Honey Cocaine , Weed , Episode of boondocks . Is like fucking heaven to me .\par
3\tab @thiCk_CoCaine smh all bad , now your hrs fucked up haha , btw I really miss you lil ugly..\par
3\tab RT @_PictureMiRhyme: If you can't hear the pussy,  it ain't wet enough.\par
3\tab @thiCk_CoCaine: .gotta be up for work in 2 hours!!! FML -__-damn goo to bed lol..\par
3\tab\\u201c@AntiCapJokes: Who is happier a billionaire or a celebrity? "None, they're both cocaine-addicted miserable fucks."\\u201d shitty coke?\par
3\tab RT @ONUAfrique: Pr\\u00e8s de la moiti\\u00e9 de la coca\\u00efne transitant par l'Afrique de l'Ouest et centrale y reste, pr\\u00e9vient Ban. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/JOKUHCyu"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/JOKUHCyu}}}\f0\fs22  via @UNODC\par
3\tab RT @playboyjay_: RT if u wide awake!\par
3\tab RT @MeLlamo_Lupe: I wanna hear ur voice -_-\par
3\tab RT @WSJ: Anti-drug agencies fear cocaine could soon be grown in Africa, Asia, not just in Latin America {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/vGSTP3tt"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/vGSTP3tt}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab King Company - Tyga &amp; Honey Cocaine \\ud83c\\udfa7\\ud83c\\udfa7 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/FfBRBAKi"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/FfBRBAKi}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab RT @sourdee147: Cocaine for breakfast yikes\par
3\tab RT @sourdee147: Cocaine for breakfast yikes\par
3\tab RT @TheFlyLifee: Honey Cocaine is mad cute. I love tinychat now lol\par
3\tab Honey Cocaine is mad cute. I love tinychat now lol\par
3\tab Cocaine for breakfast yikes\par
3\tab @AcceptMeForMe: on tinychat with honey cocaine AGAIN lucky ..\par
3\tab @SochittaSal honey cocaine \\ud83d\\ude18\\u2764\par
3\tab RT @_BallinMarco: #InMiddleSchool\par
3\tab Color pants were the shit.\par
3\tab King Company - Tyga &amp; Honey Cocaine\par
3\tab RT @Shanikaaa_: Zun da da and fantasma \\ud83d\\udc4d\par
3\tab Can someone shoot Honey Cocaine again, but like shoot her in a major artery so she dies instantly, orrrr?\par
3\tab RT @georgexo_: Zayn can fuck me all night long with his Arabian cock.\par
3\tab RT @weIove1D: zayn tonight performing! and looking beyond fit via @1DCentral_  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/W7et9Ytx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/W7et9Ytx}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab RT @ladygagaaID: Love doesn't cost money, it costs ; trust, honesty, loyalty &amp; respect.\par
3\tab We go together like cocaine &amp; waffles\par
2\tab Crack Cocaine. LMFAOOOOOOO\par
3\tab Bath salts might be the most interesting pandemic since the advent of crack-cocaine. A lot of revenue to be made for hustlers (,-_-,)\par
1\tab RT @NOIRFANCY: I want to do cocaine and fuck a sweaty yoga bitch. A white one. #CKS\par
3\tab @xSugar_Cocaine o im boutra follow u im new ta that :-)\par
3\tab &amp; didddd! i cut it na tho  RT @COCAINE_TWiT: #InElementarySchool @_teeairruh had the longest fucking hair tho.\par
3\tab Cocaine for breakfast... YIKES!\par
3\tab RT @NessaOhBehave: The awkward moment when you\\u2019re eating dinner at someone else\\u2019s house and you don\\u2019t like the food, but you have to pretend to like it.\par
3\tab @xSugar_Cocaine u have instagram? in other words lol,  yea wut u thinking of...?\par
3\tab RT @RoyalsOfficialT: @xSugar_Cocaine i think u should! deff get another 1 u got IG?\par
3\tab I get so tickled when nicki m. says" big fat nigga all that huffin' &amp; puffin" right after ross part\par
3\tab RT @CodeineHangover: Mixed my ass, you blacker than akon -.-\par
3\tab @xSugar_Cocaine i think u should! deff get another 1 u got IG?\par
3\tab RT @FatalAffections: #InHighSchool You Have To Worry About Trying To Find Yourself , Knowing Who To Trust , Maintaining Relationships , &amp; Being Accepted ..\par
3\tab @Pinnk_Cocaine -___-\par
3\tab @xSugar_Cocaine its a daily thing ova here lol u tatted?\par
3\tab S/o to nawf memphis mane \\u263a\par
3\tab @xSugar_Cocaine all day\par
3\tab i can't deal w/his monotone singing axx\par
3\tab whenever i hear drake i immediately press the \\ud83d\\udc4e button\par
3\tab @_CONFiDENT_PYT .you sure as hell need to b/c we be clowning too hard when we all together!\par
3\tab @_CONFiDENT_PYT .\\ud83d\\ude02\\ud83d\\ude02\\ud83d\\ude02 okay nawf memphis all day!\par
3\tab RT @M0NeYMaKeR_SUZy: Smh! ppl throwing this "LOVE" word around nd dont even know what it means.#chuucchh *future voice*\par
3\tab @_CONFiDENT_PYT .i miss youuuuuu shayy!\par
3\tab Honey Cocaine - Who Shot Me &gt;&gt;&gt; I'm Starting To Like Her Music lol\par
2\tab to many dope i think they cocaine sniffn it,they higher then high school on that rap shit kickn it\par
2\tab I'm looking for strippers n cocaine\par
3\tab Buy art. Not cocaine.\par
3\tab @JUST_RayyONEx --now rayy you know you my ride or die drinking partner i wasn't leaving you out!\par
3\tab RT @HoneysUnique: He do me wrong, but fuck me right.\par
3\tab @CanIDrivYoPORSH .what's what??\par
3\tab @_FAR4rm_PERFECT .no i wasn't on the phone i had to go handle some biz bxtch \\ud83d\\ude0f\par
3\tab RT @5th_AVERICH: #InMiddleSchool I USE TO GIVE A FUCK\par
3\tab RT @ONUAfrique: Pr\\u00e8s de la moiti\\u00e9 de la coca\\u00efne transitant par l'Afrique de l'Ouest et centrale y reste, pr\\u00e9vient Ban. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/JOKUHCyu"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/JOKUHCyu}}}\f0\fs22  via @UNODC\par
3\tab COOL RUNNING DJS PRORITY Cocaine Cowgirl - @MROUTSIDEPUSSY feat. @2Chainz (1).mp3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/nSMDcwb9"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/nSMDcwb9}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab COOL RUNNING DJS PRORITY Cocaine Cowgirl - @MROUTSIDEPUSSY feat. @2Chainz (1).mp3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/7Ib7KyUG"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/7Ib7KyUG}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab COOL RUNNING DJS PRORITY Cocaine Cowgirl - @MROUTSIDEPUSSY feat. @2Chainz (1).mp3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.co/ILjUOLOE"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://t.co/ILjUOLOE}}}\f0\fs22\par
3\tab @_FAR4rm_PERFECT .kml bxtch i told you i was making a hoe call \\ud83d\\ude33\par
3\tab @j_cocaine ... deadass ?\par
3\tab omgeee people be doing the most on the social net \\ud83d\\ude33\\ud83d\\ude02\\ud83d\\ude02\\ud83d\\ude2d\par
3\tab\\ud83d\\ude4c for screenshot i absolutely \\u2764 this feature on my phone \\ud83d\\ude02\par
3\tab RT @STAYYlovesYou: I just included myself all in EM &amp;amp; JAS plans! Oh well... we all love to get fxcked up! :)&lt;-----truuuue\par
3\tab RT @damnitstrue: #InMiddleSchool I can solve this: 2+2= Fish, 3+3= Eight, 7+7= Triangle, 4+4 = Arrow, 8+8 = Butterfly. Retweet if you get it!\par
3\tab RT @ImTracyMorgan: If a girl says "Don't worry about it," nigga you BETTER worry about it.\par
3\tab @STAYYlovesYou @WatchHIM_NotEM .bet!\par
3\tab @STAYYlovesYou .lol i'ma be a thug and do it\par
3\tab Mosquitos love cocaine.\par
3\tab @whitneybrianna .haa that she is\par
3\tab @STAYYlovesYou .lmfao that's what i need\par
3\tab @WatchHIM_NotEM .k girly!\par
3\tab @whitneybrianna .it is b/c she slick ghetto you see the way she say "marrrry meee"\par
3\tab @WatchHIM_NotEM .yess that's it.\par
3\tab that song is poo \\ud83d\\ude12RT @whitneybrianna: Put it on em make him wanna marry me \\ue40e\\ue419\par
2\tab @WatchHIM_NotEM .well i get off at nine.do you still have my number??\par
1\tab Cocaine, champagne, prostitutes in the Ritz Carlton w/ Mr Krumples @AristotleGold\par
3\tab @WatchHIM_NotEM .what about friday??\par
2\tab Lmao in bankok they insert drugs an cocaine an shxt threw your feet&lt;&lt;&lt; shxtcray!!\par
3\tab When does that Cocaine Riot 2 drop? anyone know?\par
2\tab Three model bitches, cocaine on the sink.\par
2\tab Cocaine in the sink\par
\tab\par
}
 