#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Social media, such as Twitter, capture detailed information about its users.
 Social network graphs constructed from that information may give us novel
 insight into the real-time behaviors of large groups of people.
 In the context of medicine, these graphs could help rapidly discover public
 health concerns such as a new epidemic of drug use.
 However, to go beyond descriptive statistics we need a deeper understanding
 of how social media represent knowledge about its users.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Here, we present evidence that motifs in social network graphs can indicate
 the veracity of tweets discussing the use of illicit drugs.
 We analyzed two months of tweets from Twitter's streaming API from Manhattan
 for cocaine, Ativan, bath salts, marijuana and LSD.
 From the patterns of retweeting in those data we constructed directed graphs.
 Each tweeter was a node.
 An edge was formed between nodes if one user retweeted another.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A graph theoretic analysis demonstrated two properties.
 First, latent drug networks have more islands than small-world networks.
 This suggests that multiple groups that do not interact discuss drug usage
 on Twitter.
 Second, each network had few prominent hubs.
 The tweets that formed the edges of those hubs were the ones that doctors
 rated as most likely to indicate immediate drug use.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We trained a naive Bayesian classifier to determine whether a tweet indicated
 true and immediate drug use or not.
 We used two testing sets- a new set of tweets from the Twitter stream and
 the set of tweets that linked together the hubs in the graphs described
 above.
 Including those tweets that the network topology suggested greatly improved
 the performance of the classifier.
 We present preliminary results from applying the classifier to twitter
 data in the form of a drug 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

weather
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 map.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our results suggest that Twitter may provide useful data about drug use
 patterns.
 Moreover, motifs in social network graphs can gauge how reliable those
 data are.
 We hope that our work will motivate further research into how information
 about drug usage propates through social networks.
 More generally, it shows how social media could be used to improve anticipate
 new health care trends.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
